Android: Make DeviceId contain device id's (#3114)
rust-windowing/winit: CHANGELOG.md

- On X11, fix event loop not waking up on `ControlFlow::Poll` and `ControlFlow::WaitUntil`.
- **Breaking:** Change default `ControlFlow` from `Poll` to `Wait`.
- **Breaking:** remove `DeviceEvent::Text`.

> - On Android, fix `DeviceId` to contain device id:s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- On Android, fix `DeviceId` to contain device id's.
```

Author: Thanks! Have made that change and squashed commits now.
